chore: update changelog and bump version to v3.2.0 (#1704)
aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/#semantic-versioning-200).

## [3.2.0] - 2026-02-04

### :bug: Fixed
- Custom cluster of type `reader` with excluded members incorrectly allowed writer host connections ([Issue #1680](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1680)).

> - Fix memory spike when creating statements in Blue/Green monitor ([Issue #1683](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1683)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Memory spiking when creating statements in Blue/Green monitor ([PR #1683](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1683)). 
```

- IAM related plugins unable to parse the correct region from global cluster endpoints ([Issue #1679](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1679)).
- Correctly set Host ID in createHost in TopologyUtils ([Issue #1696](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1696)).

> - Fix failed integration tests ([Issue #1698](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1698)).

Reviewer: I think we can leave integration test fixes out of the changelog

- Handle SdkClientException and avoid high rate AWS SDK calls in `customEndpoint` plugin ([Issue #1702](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1702)).

### :crab: Changed
- Refactor read/write splitting plugins ([PR #1682](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1682)).
- Documentation:

>     - Loading a custom plugin ([PR #1685](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1685)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update documentation on how to properly [register a custom plugin](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/blob/main/docs/development-guide/LoadablePlugins.md#register-the-custom-plugin).
```
